First way
Acquisition of Tian
The amount is 100 million
Oh, it's only 100 million.
The total assets of our Tian family also exceed 3 billion
Yeah, that's too little.
You wouldn't be naive to think that
Someone else risks offending the night market syndicate
To support the young
Second way
acquisition sequence
The amount is 800 million
51% 51% of the shares
At least 1.6 billion
This 800 million is only half
There's not another 800 million left.
Mr. Ye, we choose the second one.
Choose the second way
I want to be a dog for this chairperson
We would like to be your dog.
My little bitch
How about you, I would like to be a dog for you.
Then it will soon not be the chairperson of this board.
Wait a minute.
I, Ye Yao, am willing to use force for only 20%.